I'm in Chapel Street this is the hottest
part of Melbourne to be in just up the
road here of course the arrow river with
direct city access and bicycle track
along the arrow River Melbourne high
with a 25 metre pool and a gym I'm
standing out the front of folk Plaza
right here shopping centre all the
supermarkets and down behind me as the
tram goes down you can see down behind
me here is Turek Road and that strip is
the hottest retailing strip in Australia
well guess what we've got just 2030
meters around the corner on the corner
of Malcolm and River Street
come and have a look they are absolutely
fantastic I'm standing here on the
corner of River and Malcolm Street out
the front of number 77 River Street this
is the signboard come upstairs and have
a look at the city views and have a look
at the spectacular brand new one and two
bedroom apartments available for
immediate rental
this is one of the one bedrooms and
coming on stream shortly our one
bedrooms from three hundred and twenty
dollars a week right through to four
hundred and twenty dollars a week
they're all fully air-conditioned and
the kitchens the boys have made
themselves at home here the kitchens
include gas hot plates under bench ovens
dishwashers and stone benchtops
the hay out really cool and of course
the boys have already picked out the
beautiful views as you look across the
west and across the city and we'll show
you more of that in a sec come and have
a look at the bathroom you'll blow your
brains great big bathrooms I'm standing
here in the shower it's big enough for
two the master bedroom is huge built in
robes and of course come out here with
me and have a look at this a balcony
with all of the units the view is to die
for
look at this this one is a view from the
east right through the south and right
across to the north absolutely
unbelievable and of course every unit
has security car parking included in the
rental come on the balcony of one of the
apartments up here two-bedroom apartment
these are going to go from 495 a week to
590 a week with of course air
conditioning in two bedrooms and a
security car park this beautiful big
balcony and have a look at the view
behind me there it is absolutely
first-class that is an unobstructed
180-degree city view you can see
Melbourne Park the MCG and direct to the
north
this is absolutely brain snapping who
wouldn't want to live here